[vParquet3] docs (#2664)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/_index.md

            #  create larger footers but will be harder to shard when searching. It is difficult to calculate
            #  this field directly and it may vary based on workload. This is roughly a lower bound.
            [parquet_row_group_size_bytes: <int> | default = 100MB]

>             # *vParquet3-only configuration*
>             # Configures attributes to be stored as dedicated columns in the parquet file, rather than in the
>             # generic attribute key-value list. This allows for more efficient searching of these attributes.
>             # Up to 10 span attributes and 10 resource attributes can be configured as dedicated columns.

Reviewer: Maybe present the vParquet3 requirement a bit differently. We don't make use of this `*..*` notation in other parts of the configuration documentation:
```suggestion
            # Configures attributes to be stored as dedicated columns in the parquet file, rather than in the
            # generic attribute key-value list. This allows for more efficient searching of these attributes.
            # Up to 10 span attributes and 10 resource attributes can be configured as dedicated columns.
            # Requires vParquet3
```

    #  in the front-end configuration is used.
    [max_search_duration: <duration> | default = 0s]

>     # *vParquet3-only configuration*
>     # Configures attributes to be stored as dedicated columns in the parquet file, rather than in the
>     # generic attribute key-value list. This allows for more efficient searching of these attributes.
>     # Up to 10 span attributes and 10 resource attributes can be configured as dedicated columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Configures attributes to be stored as dedicated columns in the parquet file, rather than in the
    # generic attribute key-value list. This allows for more efficient searching of these attributes.
    # Up to 10 span attributes and 10 resource attributes can be configured as dedicated columns.
    # Requires vParquet3
```
